June 2023 release notes (#1126)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/release-notes/june-2023.md

  
    i_1.shift() //miss one
    i_2.left()  //miss two
  
    return 101
  }
  ```
but now Semgrep doesn't miss those two findings. (gh-6733)

## Semgrep Cloud Platform

### Added

* You can now rename repositories.
* You can now select a default RBAC (role-based access control) role.
* The Policies page is now the default page used to manage rules.

### Changed

* For organizations with multiple GitHub organizations, you can now add organizations as a newline separated list.

### Removed

* The **Disliked** column has been removed from the Dashboard.

## Semgrep Code

### Added
* Semgrep Pro engine taint-mode for Java: Semgrep can now relate Java properties and their corresponding getters/setters even when these are autogenerated, so the actual getters/setters are not declared in the sources. 
* Semgrep Code findings page now includes security category tag.
* Added a hide or show toggle for rules with no associated findings.
* Users can now specify which rule boards to add rules to.
* Enable user to select a range of cards at once while keeping Shift down.

### Fixed
* Cleaned up and updated wording and UI to reflect the updated Team tier. 

## Semgrep Supply Chain

> * Semgrep Supply Chain now supports pNPm lockfiles (`pnpm-lock.yaml`) version 8 and above.

Author: @andy-r2c There are two items I wasn't sure of:
1. Adding PHP parity rule support
2. Blocking PRs based on the presence of reachable findings

Reviewer: Let's not add those in yet, we're not ready to advertise those broadly yet

Author: Roger. Skippin' for now.

* CLI scans now include the following metadata:
    * Severity
    * Recommended version to upgrade a dependency to

> ## Semgrep Assistant (beta)

Author: @underyx PM is OOO so I'm asking you - are we good to include Semgrep Assistant in the release notes?

Reviewer 2: yeee

> * Add Settings toggle to enable users to choose where Semgrep Assistant findings appear. You can receive Semgrep Assistant messages within your Slack or GitHub PR comments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Semgrep Assistant is now in public beta and can be enabled by anyone by installing a new GitHub app via the Settings page.
* A new setting allows you to configure where Semgrep Assistant's triage suggestions appear. You can receive Semgrep Assistant messages within your Slack or GitHub PR comments.
* A new setting allows setting a minimum confidence level required because autofix suggestions are posted by Assistant.
```

### Added
* You can now rename projects (repositories). This feature may be useful when you change the name of your repository in your source code manager. To rename a project from within Semgrep Cloud Platform, do the following:
    1. Click **[Projects](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/projects/)**.
    2. Click the **<i class="fa-solid fa-gear"></i> gear icon** on the entry of the project you want to rename.
    3. Click the **<i class="fas fa-ellipsis-h"></i> three-dot icon > Rename project**.
    4. Enter the name of the new project and click **Rename**.
    ![Screenshot of repository rename modal](/img/projects-rename-repo.png#md-width)
* You can now select a default RBAC (role-based access control) role. Refer to [Setting a default role](/semgrep-cloud-platform/user-management/#setting-a-default-role).
* The Policies page is now the default page used to manage rules. See the [Policies](/semgrep-code/policies) documentation for more information.

### Changed

* For organizations with multiple GitHub organizations, you can now add organizations as a newline separated list.

### Removed

* The **Disliked** column has been removed from the Dashboard.

## Semgrep Code

> ### Added

Reviewer 3: I'd add the following updates:
- Rule board has been renamed to Policy and replaced with a new UI that makes bulk selection possible and shows rule metadata
- Lots of editor fixes

Author: Policy was included in last month: [https://semgrep.dev/docs/release-notes/may-2023/#semgrep-code](https://semgrep.dev/docs/release-notes/may-2023/#semgrep-code) - I will say instead that the rule board has been removed entirely.
Agreed on the editor fixes.

Reviewer 3: Oh, perfect. Thanks Sara!

* Semgrep Pro Engine for Java: Semgrep's taint mode can now relate Java properties and their corresponding getters or setters even when these are autogenerated, so the actual getters or setters are not declared in the sources. 

> * Findings page: Added a badge to identify security-related findings.

Reviewer 3: @s-santillan you may know something I don't but I am not aware of this work. Can you attach a screenshot for what this is referring to?

Author: Oh! It's this one: 
<img width="604" alt="Snag_1d0a3ef" src="https://github.com/returntocorp/semgrep-docs/assets/20766840/9193cfc8-867d-4965-bea9-e9f57ba1613c">

Already added in the docs. Scroll down a bit: https://semgrep.dev/docs/semgrep-code/findings/#understanding-the-findings-page

Reviewer 3: Well I'll be, look at that!
